Update section on path migration (#122)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

# Connection Migration

QUIC supports connection migration by the client. If a lower-layer address

> changes, a QUIC endpont can still associate packets with an existing connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes, a QUIC endpoint can still associate packets with an existing connection
```

> based on the Connection ID (see also section {{connid}}) in the QUIC header,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
based on the Connection ID (see also {{connid}}) in the QUIC header,
```

> if present. This supports cases where address information changes due to e.g.

Reviewer 2: Avoid "e.g." used in this way.  Try to say things like "such as" instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if present. This supports cases where address information changes, such as
```

NAT rebinding, intentional change of the local interface, or based on an
indication in the handshake of the server for a preferred address to be used. 

Currently QUIC only supports failover cases. Only one "path" can be used at a
time, and as soon as the new path is validated all traffic will be switched over

> to the next path. For intention migrations the client can send probing packets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the next path. For intentional migrations the client can send probing packets
```

> before switching over to measure the path characteristics and eventually pre-heat

Reviewer 2: "pre-heat" is a colloquialism that should be avoided.  Note that probing does very little to allow the congestion window to open, so this is questionable anyway.

Author: We discussed this ones in a multipath related discussion. The idea here was to send multiple probing packets (and II guess padding). If that is seen as a viable approach for e.g. mobile handovers, it would be good to mention is somewhere. However, I guess we would then need to say more. I believe @erickinnear brought this up... otherwise if people think it's too early to say anything like that,  can also remove the half sentence.

Reviewer 3: I'm in favour of not saying anything after the /and/.

Author: @gorryfair this PR was merged a long time ago. let's have the discussion in issue #197. As you can see that issue is flagged for meeting discussion.

the congestion controller. The other endpoint in required to validate the new path

> before use in order to avoid address spoofiing attacks. Path validation takes one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before use in order to avoid address spoofing attacks. Path validation takes one
```

Reviewer 2: And maybe:

```suggestion
before use in order to avoid address spoofing attacks. Path validation takes at least one
```

> will also be reset on path mitragtion. Therefore migration usual has a performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will also be reset on path miragtion. Therefore migration usually has a performance
```

> RTT and congestion control will also be reset on path miragtion. Therefore

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RTT and congestion control will also be reset on path migration. Therefore
```

Note that the Connection ID in the short header may be omitted. This is a
per-connection configuration option; if the Connection ID is not present, then

> the peer omitting the connection ID will use the same local address for the

Reviewer 2: "will" or "needs to"?

> the peer omitting the connection ID will use the same local address for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the peer omitting the connection ID needs to use the same local address for the
```
